Oh
box
it's gonna be a tough race yeah it's too
large you have to survive 12 hours
without hitting anything I'm making many
mistakes the car that's gone around
the exciting challenge into the number
nine Audi you can't underestimate any
corners on the circuit or any part of
the track you've got to be very vigilant
you've got to be very aware what's going
on around you this is turn 2 this is the
start of the tricky part of the circuit
and it did look like major Saleh was
trying to make a move that might be
stranded did you see
I expect really chatty to race a little
bit similar like noble Queen here you
have to be really careful but whatever
you do if you want to go fit quicker you
have to know it's works because if it's
doesn't work it's getting very expensive
we're now at forest elbow the most
famous straight in Australia Conrad
straight straight our speeds in excess
of 300 kilometers an hour you make a
mistake you hit this wall here here we
are at the west track chase it is the
fastest corner in Australia and possibly
one of the quickest corners in
watch the Audi Tigers huge moment
through the chase Turner 70-odd Kaizen
our was there's so many things go go
wrong in 12 hours so and indeed be
erasing 12 hours is actually a sprint
race we've just got flutter from start
to finish
you've got 12 hours of this good already
there back from what I've seen so far is
something with the best events in the
world just everything the TV the The
Spectator screaming the fans can get
really close to the drivers this is
truly an international event when you've
got this many international teams and
drivers people haven't seen the calibre
of these drivers in a straight before at
all
I think there's a lot of guys who wanted
to come here and they just have no clue
how difficult this track is and have no
idea what kind of race this is oh it's
true Anne Shiell of the top of the
mountain there's no way in case Fergus
lost the front end of the Porsche it's
the slowest possible position we've ever
seen
there's no circuit like this anywhere in
the world it's a it's very unique place
you